it has almost all black plumage. all adults have white markings around the base of the beak and below the eye. its beak and feet are also all dark.
this albatross has blackish-gray upperwing, mantle, back, upper rump, and tail, and its head, lower rump, and underparts are white. it has a black smudge around the eye. the beak is pink with a dark tip. 
plumage ranges from a sooty-brown to a sooty-black color, the head and sometimes tail are typically darker than the rest of the body. a yellow to orange line is present on the beak.
it is completely black, with a very long tail almost as long as its body. it has a huge bill with lengthwise grooves.
forehead crests black forward-curving feathers, reddish-orange and yellow tipped bill, yellowish white irises, and white auricular plumes from their eyes to their ears. their legs and feet are grey and claws black.
it is a seabird and the smallest species of auk. slightly larger than a sparrow. summer plumage appears messy with numerous gray spots around the belly. 
it has a short orange bill. the bird's plumage is dark above and white below. with a single white plume projecting back from the eye.
it is a medium-sized auk with a large, strong, orange/brown bill. the plumage is dark on top and paler below.
males have black plumage, the feet and legs are black and the eye is bright yellow. the female's eye is dark brown, while the male's is bright yellow. 
the common name for the red-winged blackbird is taken from the mainly black adult male's distinctive red shoulder patches.
adults have a pointed bill and a pale yellow eye. they have black plumage with faint green and purple gloss; the female is greyer.
it is a medium-sized blackbird with a yellow head. relatively large blackbirds with large, yellow heads.
long with short finch-like bills, mostly black with creamy napes, brown with black streaks on the back and flanks, and dark stripes on the head
vibrant blue in the summer, with brightly colored plumage, while the female is brown year-round.
the male is easily recognized by its bright blue head, white wingbars, and its light rusty breast and white belly.
dark blue head, green back, red rump, and underparts, make it extremely easy to identify.
a mid-sized bird known as the red bird, males are a vibrant red color, and have a black mask on the face.
they have mostly bright-green upperparts with heavy olive chevrons and white streaking on the underbody.
plain lead gray almost all over. the top of the head is darker. the undertail coverts are rust-colored.
these birds have olive upper parts with white bellies and bright-yellow throats and breasts. 
it is a large and striking species of sparrow. a white belly, and a long dark tail, the eyes are red. 
has a short bill and a long tail, mottled brownish underparts, a buff throat, reddish-brown feathers.
during the breeding season, adults have a blue throat patch.
the adult bird has glossy plumage that is a deep greenish blue in color, becoming purplish or bronze on the back and sides. 
plumage are all-black on non breeding stage.
male bird has green-bronze, gloss-black plumage, ans his eyes are red in breeding season and brown otherwise. 
adult male is black with purple-blue, and dusty gray-brown for females.
adults are brown, like a piece of tree bark, with white underparts. a long thin bill with a slight downward curve. 
plumage is all black, with iridescent feathers.
it is a small bird, the underparts have a more greenish tint to the black. the eyes are dark brown. 
it has a long, brown tail and a slightly downcurved black bill.
adults have a long tail, brown above and black-and-white below, and a black curved bill. the head and upper parts are brown. 
it has a long tail, brown above, and a black curved bill with yellow. there is a yellow ring around the eye.
some variability in the amount of grey on the head. the forehead and throat are black. the back of the head is grey. they have short black legs and a long forked tail. 
adult males are raspberry red on the head, breast, back and rump. adult females have light brown upperparts and white underparts with dark brown streaks throughout.
adults are brown with black bars on the back and wings. a necklace-like black patch occupies the upper breast, while the lower breast and belly are beige with black spots.
adults have olive upperparts, darker on the wings and tail, with whitish underparts, the breast is washed with olive. 
all adults are brownish on the upperparts with yellow underparts; they have a long rusty brown tail and a bushy crest. their throat and breast are grey.
its plumage is dull olive-gray on its back and whitish on its belly. its wings are lined with two white bars. its beak is short and the lower mandible is yellowish.
it can be identified by its olive-grey or grey-brownish plumage above and with a white mid-breast section and throat. the sides of the breast area are grey.
adult birds have pale gray heads and upper parts, light underparts, salmon-pink flanks and undertail coverts, and dark gray wings. 
it is a small bird with bright red plumage. in males, the crown, chest, and underparts are red. 
adults have greenish upperparts and yellowish underparts (especially on the throat), with a dusky wash on the chest. 
females have white underbellies and males have a distinctive red gular pouch.
this species is gray and white with a pale yellow, thick bill and bluish legs. only the dark morph has more than dark edges on the underneath but they all have pale inner primaries on the top of the wings.
the breeding male is patterned grey, with a black rear end, light chestnut wings, and a brilliant white speculum, obvious in flight or at rest.
the beak is small, conical, and pink for most of the year, but turns bright orange with the spring molt in both sexes.
the sexes are broadly similar, with a red face, black and white head, warm brown upper parts, white underparts with buff flanks and breast patches, and black and yellow wings.
adult males have entirely black plumage, a long dark bill, a pale yellowish or brown iris, and a long keel-shaped tail.  adult female is distinguished by her shorter tail and tawny-brown coloration.
in breeding stage, plumage has the head, neck, breast, and upper parts coloured black to blackish brown, eye is mostly red.
it can be easily recognised by its red-and-black alternate (breeding)plumage, its black-and-white basic (non-breeding) plumage.
it is a kind of small, stocky, and short-necked bird. they are mainly brown, and undertail is white. it has a short, blunt chicken-like bill that is a light grey color.
it is black-and-white, with a long, slender, swan-like neck and red eyes. a large area of white around its neck.
the male is deep blue, with both black and brown on its wings. the female is mostly brown. 
adult male featuring a bright yellow forehead and body, while the adult female has a mainly olive-brown body with greyer underparts. 
adult males have a rose-red head, back and rump, adult females are olive-yellow on the head and rump and grey on the back and underparts.
the adult male has a bright rose-red patch on its breast, two white patches. the adult female has dark grey-brown upperparts.
the adult is mostly dark brown with a black sheen, with a white wing patch broken by a brown-black wedge.
it has a smaller yellow bill with a black ring, yellow legs, brown eyes and a more rounded head. the body is mainly white with grey back and upper wings. 
it has a white head, neck, breast, and belly, a white tail. silver-gray wings. its legs are pink and the beak is yellow with a red spot.
adults have a medium gray body, blackish-gray wings and tail with white edges, and a red bill with a black tip. the head is dusky gray.
plumage have a light grey back and upper wings and white head and underparts. the bill is yellow with a red spot. the legs are normally pink at all ages, but can be yellowish.
the adult has completely white plumage, lacking the grey back of other gulls. the thick bill is blue with a yellow tip, and the legs are black. 
the head, neck and underparts are white; the relatively short bill is yellow with a dark ring; the back and wings are silver gray; and the legs are yellow. 
it is a kinf of yellow-footed gull. it has a white head, belly, and tail with a dark slaty-gray back and wings with a broad white trailing edge. 
this gull has a white head and body, and upperparts or mantle is dark grey. it has a large and bulbous-tipped yellow bill with a red spot.
they have an iridescent bronze-green back, a pale grey chest and belly, and green flanks. adult male has an iridescent crimson-red, derived from magenta, to a reddish-pink crown.
adults are metallic green above and grayish white below, with near-black wings. their bill is long, straight, and slender.
the adult male has a white breast, rufous face, flanks and tail and an orange-red throat patch. the female has green, white, and some iridescent orange feathers in the center of the throat.
its throat and chest are a glittering green with a shining green belly. the tail is a metallic blue-green with more bronzy central feathers.
it has grey back, dark primary wing feathers without a white "flash", black cap and very long tail.
it has a brown back, and the head and neck are yellowish-white with a black cap.
its plumage is lavender-blue to mid-blue in the crest, back, wings, and tail, and its face is white.
it has a strong black bill, blue head and nape without a crest, a whitish forehead, blue wings, grayish underparts, gray back, long blue tail, black legs and feet.
they have feathers of yellowish-white with blue tips on the top of the head, cheeks and nape. the breast and underparts range from bright yellow. the upper parts are rich green.
adult dark-eyed juncos generally have gray heads, necks, and breasts, gray or brown backs and wings, and a white belly.
the head is pale gray, with a darker eye mask, an orange crown stripe, and a heavy gray bill. the back is grayish-green, and the wing and forked tail are brown. the throat is pale gray, becoming olive on the breast, with the rest of the underparts being yellow.
the upperparts are gray, with brownish wings and tail.  the head has a concealed yellow crown stripe, dark bill.
this species has a large head with a shaggy crest. its long, heavy bill is black with a grey base. both sexes have a slate blue head, large white collar, a large blue band on the breast.
the bill is long and black with some horn color. both sexes have  white collar, and green upperparts with two or more rows of white spots on the flight feathers. orange patch across the breast.
it has a white with a black mask spot, a white supercilium and black breast bands.  the crest is neat and the upperparts are barred in black. 
they have straight bills that are longer than their heads. a large red patch across its belly. 
the adult has a bright blue back, wings and tail. the throat and breast are white. the large bill and legs are bright red. 
it is a seabird species in the gull family. it has a larger, rounder head, and darker grey wings. red leg, white head and belly.
it is brown-grey above and pale below, with a striking black and yellow face pattern. the tail is mostly black, contrasting with the paler body.
they have a grey head, black throat, white underparts and  black-and-white mantle. the black throat has purple reflections. its bill is grey or whitish and dagger-shaped.
the breeding male is with a glossy bottle-green head and a white collar, the rear of the male is black, the bill of the male is a yellowish-orange tipped with black.
adults have yellow underparts with a black v shape on the breast. their upper parts are mostly brown, but also have black streaks. these birds have long, pointed bills and their heads are striped with light brown and black bands.
the adult female has a greyish-brown body, with a narrow white patch over the lower breast and belly. both sexes have narrow white stripes along the tertial wing feathers.
it has a spiky crest and long thin red bill. the male has a dark head with a green sheen, a white neck and black back. adult females have a rusty head and a grayish body.
mockingbirds are a group of birds. they are best known for the habit of some species mimicking the songs of other birds and the sounds of insects.
nighthawks are medium-sized birds with long pointed wings, short legs, and very short bills. their soft plumage is coloured to resemble bark or leaves. 
most of its body has feathers that are ashy-grey and loose in texture. the wings and tail are black and white. the central tail feathers are black and the outer ones white. the bill, legs and feet are also black.
adult male bird has pale blue-gray upperparts, a glossy black cap, and the closed wing is pale gray and black.  female has a narrower black back band  than the male.
they have a sturdy body, a longish tail, fairly long legs and a thick, pointed bill, orange on the underparts shoulder patch and rump.  dull orange-yellow on the breast and belly. 
the adult male has a deep yellowish orange head with black on the face and throat, they are black on the back, wings and tail, orange on the underparts. 
adult males have chestnut or ochre underparts, while adult females and juveniles have olive-green upper parts and yellowish breasts and bellies. 
adult birds have large and slender with a thin, slightly curved, pointed bill. males have a black back, head, lemmon yellow belly. white wingbar, yellow shoulder.
they have olive-brown upperparts and white underparts heavily streaked with black; the flanks have an olive hue. a black stripe runs below the cheek. 
it is a bird of the pelican family. a white head with a yellowish wash on the crown. the nape and neck are dark maroon–brown, very long beak
it has a huge yellow beak, the plumage is almost entirely bright white.  
medium-sized grayish flycatcher with a peak crown, it has long wings and a long tail.
it is a small group of medium-sized insect-eating birds. it is mainly brown-grey or lightly black.
it has grey-brown upperparts and is streaked below on the buff breast and flanks, the belly is whitish, the bill and legs are dark. its legs have a reddish hue.
adults have mottled plumage, the upperparts are grey, black and brown.  a very short bill and a black throat. a white patch below the throat and white tips on the outer tail feathers.
a dark eye stripe extends backwards from the eye, huge white patch on its belly. the cheeks are white, with a yellow wattle at the base of the bill. the legs and feet are orange.
it is a large all-black bird, common raven. it has balck plumage, black beak, black legs.
it is mainly a kind of all-black raven, except for there is a large patch of white feathers on the nape of the neck.
large orange-red patches on their wings and tails. their breast sides are also orange, with the rest of their underparts white.
it is a large, slender, black-brown bird with a distinctive head crest. it has a long tail, a smaller bill than its tail.
it is a a medium-sized bird, adult plumage is grey above with a white to pale grey breast and belly.  the wings are black with a distinct white patch.
it is a medium-sized bird. the upperparts is pearl grey,  wings are black with a white bar. the tail is black, long, and pointed at the tip.
it is  a small brown streaked sparrow. it has a narrow band of brown streaks on their chests, unique broad ochre central crown stripe.
the black-throated sparrow is pale gray above, with a distinctive black and white head pattern, black stripe near throat.
grey-brown backs and speckled brown crowns, dark streaks, and a pale eye-ring. brown wings, pale beak.
it has distinctive reddish or brownish cap, mainly gray spotted plumage.
brown upperparts and pale underparts, darker streaks on the back. they have a pale crown stripe on a dark brown crown. a light brown cheek patch and brown wings with wing bars.
it is a small bird, females and young birds are pale brown and grey, and males have brighter black, white, and brown markings. different shades of grey and brown plumage.
the head is grey with a rust-coloured crown, white eye-ring and pink bill. the breast is buff, the belly is white and the tail is forked. 
chunky sparrow with a rounded head, rich reddish brown with corase, blurry streaks. gray face, bill is black and yellow.
small, flat-headed sparrow with a deep bill. unstreaked and buffy below with rusty spotting or streaking on the back. note orange-yellow stripe in front of the eye. 
large sparrow with long tail and pink bill. gray head with extensive black face and bib. streaky brown upperparts; white belly with streaked flanks.
small, flat-headed sparrow with an olive wash to the face, a dark spot behind the eye, and dark stripes on the side of the crown. wing feathers are rusty tipped. 
it is a small sparrow, short grey bill and short pointed tail. it has a buffy yellow-orange face with grey cheeks, and a dark brown crown with a white central stripe. 
medium-sized sparrow with fairly small bill. neat appearance with fine, crisp streaks, gray face with pale eyering, and buffy wash across breast.
small, flat-headed sparrow with a short bill and round belly. the face and breast have a pale orangish wash. the nape and cheek are gray. the breast is streaked. 
medium-sized sparrow with a fairly small bill and short tail. crisply streaked breast and strong face pattern with yellowish stripe over the eye.
adults have brownish upperparts with gray on the crown and nape, dark face with gray cheeks, a white throat.
medium-sized sparrow with rounded head and long, rounded tail. coarse streaks on breast converge into a central spot, rusty stripes on crown and through eye. 
chunky sparrow with a chestnut crown, black throat, and black ear patch. brown wings have two distinct narrow white bars.
medium to large sparrow with fairly small bill. prominent white eyering and white outer tail feathers.
this species is marked by a grey face and black and white streaking on the upper head. black and white stripes on their head, a gray face, brown streaked upper parts and a long tail. 
plump sparrow with long tail and small bill. yellow spot between eye and bill, bold face pattern with black and white crown stripes, white throat patch on gray face and breast.
a medium-sized iridescent blue-green glossy. the head is blue with darker ear coverts and the upper parts of the body are greenish-blue. 
small songbird with a small head and tiny bill. adults are brown above with a brown breast band and a white swoosh on the neck.
sparrow-sized swallow with broad shoulders, pointed wings. adult males have a  blue back, wings, and tail, and tawny underparts. the throat and forehead is rusty. 
compact swallow with pointed, broad pointed wings, a small head. adults have dark-blue backs and pale. their face is rusty with a white forehead. white belly
tiny bill, long, pointed wings and a short. adults are blue-green above and white below with blackish flight feathers. 
stocky songbird with a thick blunt-tipped bill. breeding males are unmistakable with bright red bodies and black wings and tails. 
full-bodied songbird with a big head and a thick blunt-tipped bill. adult males are brilliant red overall. 
small, slender tern with angular wings that are silvery below. breeding adults have a thin red bill and a gray belly. note long forked tail.
broad wings, breeding adults have very distinctive pattern of black head and body with dark gray wings.
breeding adults have a fully black cap. large red bill, tail with only a shallow fork, and black on the underside of outer primary feathers. 
medium-sized tern with forked tail, a gray belly, full black cap, and reddish bill. 
long orange bill and shaggy black crest around the back of the head are key features. also note dark primaries in flight.
medium-sized tern with pointed wings and a long, forked tail. a black cap and a black-tipped orange bill. note white underparts and pale primaries.
a yellow bill and white forehead. in flight, note pointed wings and black outer edge on the primaries. 
large sparrow with thick bill and long tail. green-yellow upperparts with clean gray head and breast, white throat, and reddish cap.
a long tail, and a long, slightly curved bill. reddish brown above with thin black-and-white wing bars and bold dark streaking below. 
small bird with a short bill overall. heavily streaked below with a grayish brown back and 2 thin white wingbars. 
small songbird. males have a black head and white spectacles that surround their red eye. white below with yellow washed flanks. 
thick bill, blue-gray head contrasts with olive-green back and with bold white spectacles, breast and belly are clean white with yellow flanks.
a thick, hooked bill. plumage are bright yellow below with a yellow throat. the dark gray crown, white eyebrow.
adults are mainly olive-green on the upper parts with white underparts. a red iris and a grey crown edged with black. a dark blackish line through the eyes.
mainly olive-grey on the head and upperparts with white underparts, blue-toned legs. plain wing, lacking the strong dark eyeline shown by several similar species.
a small songbird with straight bill. gray head contrasts with olive-green back. yellow spectacles outline pale eye, white throat.
brightly colored vireo with bright-yellow spectacles, yellow throat, and white belly and undertail coverts. typically seen in treetops.
a short-tailed bird with thick, white wingbars. this breeding male shows a rusty red neck patch.
small songbird with a thin, slightly curved bill. striped black and white overall. males have a black ear patch. females have white throat, a grayish ear patch.
distinctive black-and-blue bird, white square on the wing. males have a blue head and back with a black face and throat. females are plain grayish olive overall.
plumage of the male consists of a bright yellow head, breast and underparts. a narrow black line though the eyes and light blueish gray with two white wing-bars
medium-sized warbler with a long tail, bold eyering, and black necklace on a yellow breast. 
adult males have a distinctive chestnut cheek patch and yellow collar. black streaks mark the yellow breast and continue down the flanks. 
males are sky-blue, have 2 white wingbars and dark streaking on the back. females are bluish green above with a slight yellow wash below. 
their underparts are white. gray backs, white faces, black eyestripes and yellow crowns.
the male has black throat, black ear patch bordered in white, and a yellow crown and wing patch. underparts are grayish white.
it has a plain olive/green-brown back and yellow underparts. black hoods surround their yellow faces, the female has an olive-green cap.
mostly an olive-green in color on their back and nape, and a brilliant yellow below from their throat to their belly. females have less black on the sides of their head.
have white, gray, and black backs with yellow on the sides; yellow and black-striped stomachs, white, gray, and black foreheads and beaks.
a small songbird with yellow underparts, olive-green upperparts, a thin pointed bill and pink legs. 
it has a yellow patch on its tail and wings margin.
yellow below with an olive-green back and no wingbars. white eyering stands out on the gray head. a white belly and a yellow throat and breast. 
a thin, pointy bill. generally yellow-olive overall with a faint eyeline. the undertail coverts are always yellow. 
a round belly and a rusty cap, entirely yellow underparts with stronger rusty streaks on the breast and yellow eyebrows. 
a stout bill. adult males have a yellow throat, a yellow-olive back, yellow eyering and white lower belly and undertail coverts. 
small warbler. adult males are bright yellow below with black streaking on the flanks. note black eyeline, black semicircle under the eye, and chestnut back patch. 
bright yellow overall with an olive back and grayish wings. undertail coverts are white. 
they are a plain olive-brown above and pale yellow-white below. 
short-tailed, breeding males are yellow-green above with a gray cap and a pale eyebrow. the underside is plain whitish, some have yellow-washed undersides.
small bird with thin bill and beady black eye. entirely yellow below with an olive back. adult males have a black cap. 
small bird with black-and-buffy head stripes on its flat head. it has a slim pointed bill and pink legs
adults are bright yellow overall with a yellow-green back and chestnut streaks on the breast. black eye. 
long legs, yellow or brown stripe on its belly. brown to black with heavier streaking  onto the breast and flanks. 
plain brown above, it is white below, with black streaks and with buff flanks and undertail
a prominent crest and a black mask over its face are marks of adults. rusty undertail feathers can be hard to see. 
it is a medium-sized, mostly brown, gray, and yellow.  black mask, and brilliant-red wax droplets on the wing feathers.
medium-sized mostly black woodpecker with white spots in the wings and barred flanks. males have a yellow crown patch. 
a bird with a big bill. females have a red crest like the males but don't have the red cheek stripe. males have cheek stripe.
they have black and white barred patterns on their back, wings and tail. adult birds have a red cap going from the bill to the nape. 
its back is barred with black and white horizontal stripes. its most distinguishing feature is a black cap and nape that encircle large white cheek patches. 
it has a red head and neck, with a black back and tail, a white belly and rump.
it is mainly black on the upperparts and wings, with a white back, throat and belly and white spotting on the wings. only adult males have a red patch on their head.
its plumage is brown on top and light grey underneath, with a white stripe above each eye. its most distinctive feature is its long tail with black bars and white corners.
it is grayish and pale,and a long tail. their chest is white with brown or black speckles, and the belly is generally white with some brown or black streaks.
reddish brown upperparts contrast with buffy underparts and white throat and eyebrow. wings and tail have bold darker barring, and bill is long and thin.
small, brown bird with a short tail, thin bill, and dark barring on wings and tail with a paler throat.
adults have brown upperparts with a light brown belly and flanks and a white throat and breast. black back with white stripes, a dark cap with a white line over the eyes and a short thin bill.
they have grey-brown upperparts with small black and white spots and pale grey underparts with a light brown rump. distinctive features include a light grey line over the eye, a long barred tail and dark legs. 
brown above, grayer below, barred with darker brown and gray, even on wings and tail. small tail is often cocked above its back, short neck.
it is a small bird that have olive backs, wings and tails, yellow throats and chests, and white bellies. adult males have black face masks across the eyes and forehead.