adults have a long, square-tipped brown tail and a brown or dull-brown color across the back. In most cases, adult males' heads, necks and shoulders are reddish.
its head varies from jet black to gray, with white eye arcs and white supercilia. The throat is white with black streaks, and the belly and undertail coverts are white.
a kind of dinosaur. It has a large bony frill, three horns on the skull, and a large, four-legged body.
it is a kind of snake with bright green upperparts and a pale yellow-green belly. Sometimes they are duller-coloured before moulting. 
a kind of spider. they have long legs relative to their body size, the body appears to be a single oval structure
the colorful and large bill, which in some large species measures more than half the length of the body, is the hallmark of toucans. 
their look like large ducks with a long black neck and white cheek patch. Body brown with paler chest and white undertail. Legs and feet black.
jellyfish are mainly free-swimming marine animals with umbrella-shaped bells and trailing tentacles.
the adults often look long and slender, although some species appear pear-shaped.
a kind of crab. They range in color from brownish to bluish red and are covered in sharp spines.
it is a large, grey brown bulbous animal with a flattened fluked tail, like that of a whale, no dorsal fin, paddle like flippers and distinctive head shape.
a kind of dog. The skull should be broad, with a long muzzle and long, hanging ears. The smooth coat is glossy and comes in a tricolor and a bi-color pattern. 
the large upright ears are the hallmark of the breed. The neck is long and lean. their coat is a combination of red and white with the nose, ears, eye rims, and pads of feet being a light tan color.
the head is long and narrow with large eyes and drop ears. The tail of the breed is long and curved. It has the typical deep-chested, long-legged body of sighthounds.
it is a sturdy, muscular dog of medium size, famous for the dense, lustrous coat of gold that gives the breed its name.
the stunning coat is a glistening black, with tan markings and long hair on the ears, belly, legs, chest, and tail.
it is a large, white-coloured Hungarian breed of livestock guardian dog with a long, corded coat.
boxer dogs have distinctly shaped square heads with undershot jaws and blunt muzzles. They have a broad and deep chest, a relatively short and strong back.
a kind of dog, and its double coat is found in a wide variety of colors, including solid black, black and tan.
two distinctive features of the French bulldog are its bat ears and half-flat, half-domed skull.
it is a mostly light gray dog with a solid white part on the underbody as well as on the legs/feet and some of the face.
a sleek, symmetrically built, short-haired dog, the Dalmatian is characterized by its dark-spotted white coat. 
it is a large breed of working dog. Their coat can be black, grey, brown, or black and white.
it is a noble-looking dog with a slender muzzle and long neck. The coat is profuse and curly and is often styled in black or brown.
most tundra wolves have a grey color, with mixes of black, rust and silver grey.
it has a colorful, patchy coat; large bat-like ears; and a bushy tail with a white tip.
their short legs and body, short ears, and dense winter fur give them a stocky appearance.
their coats are yellow-gold, and adult males have shaggy manes that range in color from blond to reddish-brown to black.
they have grizzled gray and brown colored coats of fur with dark patches around their eyes.
they have oval, dome-shaped bodies with six short legs. they can have spots, stripes, or no markings at all on their shell.
it is glossy blue-black and covered with small pits and grooves. the males' head that looks just like a rhino's horn while the female just has a small bump.
ants range in size from the miniscule up to one inch long, and usually appear black, brown, red, or yellow.
they are slender, wiry animals with a black facemask, black feet and a black-tipped tail.
it is a cat-sized mammal, and it has a round head, a short snout, small eyes, long legs, tiny ears and a stubby tail. sloths have long, coarse fur that is light brown in color.
it has distinctive black and yellow coloration. The head and tail are bright yellow, and this yellow creates a border around the black body.
a type of ship with huge deck to hold fighter jet
a container to store trash, varing from shapes, colors and material
a barrel or cask is a hollow cylindrical container with a bulging center, longer than it is wide.
it is a bottle designed as a container for beer. the glass commonly is brown or green, but the designs vary greatly in size and shape, like longneck.
a place where all kinds of books are stacked or placed in shelves in order for sale
a cannon is a large-caliber gun with a fire cylinder, bullet-shaped projectiles
it is a type of amusement ride consisting of a rotating circular platform with seats for riders. the seats are ususally horses.
it is made of paper, and always in cubic shape to be stacked safely
a catamaran is a sailboat with two hulls. These two hulls are connected by a bridge deck. 
chimes are a percussion instrument struck with hammers.
clog is a kind of shoe that have a leather top and wooden soles.
it is one larger tin that is accompanied by another smaller mixing vessel which can be made of glass or metal.
a combination lock is a type of locking device in which a sequence of symbols, usually numbers, is used to open the lock. 
a crate is a large shipping container, often made of wood, typically used to transport or store large, heavy items.
cuirass is a piece of armour that covers the torso, formed of one or more pieces of metal or other rigid material.
dishcloths are made of cotton or other fibres and are usually square. They are used for drying dishes are also known as tea towels.
a dome is an architectural element similar to the hollow upper half of a sphere.
an electric guitar is a guitar that requires external amplification in order to be heard at typical performance volumes, unlike a standard acoustic guitar. 
a filing cabinet is a piece of office furniture for storing paper documents in file folders.
it is a smaller screen placed on a vertical pole which is mounted on a tripod, placed between a lit fire and an occupant of the room.
it is a flat-bottomed pan with relatively low sides that flare outwards, a long handle, and no lid. 
it is a truck designed to collect solid waste
a hair clip is a clasp for holding hair in place. They are often made from metal or plastic
a handgun holster is a device used to hold or restrict the undesired movement of a handgun. they are often attached to a belt or waistband.
it traditionally consists of a cylindrical metal (typically steel) bar that is rigidly held above and parallel to the floor by a system of cables and stiff vertical supports.
it comprises two glass bulbs connected vertically by a narrow neck that allows a regulated flow of a substance (historically sand) from the upper bulb to the lower one by gravity.
iPod is a series of portable media players and multi-purpose mobile devices.
a product used to apply coloration and texture to lips, usually in red, different pigments are used to produce color. 
it is a skirt with its hemline well above the knees, generally at mid-thigh level.
a missile is an airborne ranged weapon capable of self-propelled flight aided usually by a propellant, jet engine or rocket motor.
a mixing bowl is a deep bowl that is particularly well suited for mixing ingredients together in. 
it is a type of double-reed woodwind instrument. Oboes are usually made of wood, but may also be made of synthetic materials, such as plastic, resin.
a pipe organ has one or more keyboards (called manuals) played by the hands, and a pedal clavier played by the feet.
parallel bars are floor apparatus consisting of two wooden bars slightly over 3.4 metres long and positioned at roughly head height.
pencil box is a container used to store pencils, and it can be made from a variety of materials such as wood or metal.
a photocopier is a machine that makes copies of documents and other visual images onto paper or plastic film quickly and cheaply.
poncho is essentially a single large sheet of fabric with an opening in the center for the head.
prayer mat is a piece of fabric, used for prayer people to kneel on it
a fishing reel is a hand-cranked reel used in angling to wind and stow fishing line, typically mounted onto a fishing rod.
a type of bus to deliver students from their homes to school, usually the buses are painted in yellow or orange.
a scoreboard is a large board for publicly displaying the score in a game.
it has a screen displaying three or more reels that "spin" when the arm is activated.
a breathing tube for swimmers or divers and its use in the activity of snorkeling.
it has a metal plate that is painted a dark color to maximize the absorption of sunlight.
it is a structure created by a spider out of proteinaceous spider silk extruded from its spinnerets, generally meant to catch its prey.
a stage serves as a space for actors or performers and a focal point (the screen in cinema theaters) for the audience.
tank is an armored combat vehicle that moves on two endless metal chains called tracks.
it is the curtain at the very front of a theatrical stage, separating it from the house.
roof tiles are overlapping tiles designed mainly to keep out rain or snow, and are made from clay or slate. 
it is a retail shop that sells tobacco products in various forms and the related accoutrements.
a unicycle is a vehicle that touches the ground with only one wheel.
it is a type of piano in which the soundboard and plane of the strings run vertically, perpendicular to the keyboard
it is a type of container whose foot may be bulbous for decoration.
a wok is a deep, bowl-shaped frying pan with sloping sides that distributes heat evenly.
split rail fences are made of two, three, or four horizontal rails connected to evenly spaced vertical posts.
a sailboat has a tapered shape. The front part is called the bow, whilst the back part is the stern.
road signs are signs erected at the side of or above roads to give instructions or provide information to road users.
a consomme is a type of clear soup made from richly flavoured stock or broth that has been clarified.
trifle is a layered dessert, a fruit element (fresh or jelly), custard and whipped cream layered in that order in a glass dish.
hot dog is a pink, cylindrical-shaped piece of meat. 
an orange is a round fruit, typically the color is orange or yellow.
a cliff is an area of rock which has a general angle defined by the vertical.
a coral reef is an underwater ecosystem characterized by reef-building corals.
boletes are large mushrooms with a tannish brown bread bun-like cap and thick and chunky white stem. 
corn cob is the central core of an ear of maize. They are the long rounded parts of the corn plant on which small yellow seeds grow.